In this
exercise, we're going to use the constructor function that we created in the last
exercise to create two address objects. So here's the first
address object, I'm going to call this address one, now I'm going
to duplicate this line to create another address, but we're going to call
this address too. Now in this address too, I want you to
create two functions. One is called Are
Equal, so we pass two address objects, address
2, and we check to see if these two objects
are equal. Now as I told you before, objects are
reference types, so we can have two objects with the exact
same properties, but these objects are in different memory locations,
so when we use the equality operator
we're essentially checking to see if these objects have the same reference.
Now, to properly check to see if two objects are equal,
we need to check their properties, we need to make sure
that all their properties are equal. So that's the job of this
function. areEqual. If all the properties of these two objects
are equal, this function should return true, otherwise it should return
false. Now the other function I want you to write is
areSame. address1 and address2.
And this function simply tells us if address 1 and address
2 are pointed to the exact same object.
In other words, they're referencing the same object. So go
ahead, and implement these two functions, when you're done go ahead and
continue watching.
Alright, I'm going to start by implementing the second function.
Because that's easier, so to check to see if two variables
are referencing the same object. Use the strict
equality operator. So return address1
equals address2. So if they are referencing the
same object, we'll return true. Otherwise we'll return false.
Now with the other function, we need too check individual properties.
So here we need to return a boolean, that is
the result of evaluation of three conditional statements.
So address2.
street should be equal to address2.street
here we use the logical and next we add address1,
.city, it should also equal address 2,
.city. Once again we use the logical and
and finally address1.zipcode
should equal address2,
.zipCode. Now let's call these
functions. And see the results. So I'm going to do a
console.log, call r=
pass address1 and address2,
and then I'm going to duplicate this and change areEqual
to areSame. Save the changes,
alright I made a mistake here, so here we should use
address2, save the changes, so you can
see these two objects are equal, their individual properties are equal,
but they are not the same objects. They are two different objects in memory.
In contrast, if we declare another variable here,
let's say address3. And we set that to address1
now both these variables are pointing a reference in the same
object in memory. So if we call
areSame and pass address1 and address3,
we're going to get true because they are pointing to the same
object in memory. In the next exercise we're going to work with block
post objects.